no film schools coverage of nab is
brought to you by limelight makers of
professional lighting for independent
filmmakers my road real international
film contest enter at my road real calm
hey so we're here with Brian from Benro
you can talk about some some tripods
Brian what's up how's it going man we
have the new s8 we're now shipping we
have three flavors of it the s8 is a
flat base head because you can get it by
itself or an aluminium kit or carbon
fiber it'll hold seventeen point six
pounds all operator side controls to
three-eighths accessory mounts so
instead of adding a cage with rails
we're just getting started we can just
add like to monitor arms holding like an
audio recorder and a monitor plus it's
easy to take the camera off and go
straight to a slider shot is it go quick
release quick release they're actually
501 504 compatible you have your
continuous pan drag continuous tilt drag
and on the other side you have a four
step counterbalance all the way up for
seventeen point six pounds what is that
like what is it a one or the zero of
that counterbalance like what kind of
weight camera are we talking there
you're talking anything from a DSLR all
the way up to like C 100 C 300 we even
put red epics on here no problem now
they are flat based design just like the
rest of the S series from Benro so you
can actually just unscrew this head and
then go straight to the slider go
straight to a jib or high hat and if you
want this to be locked down at all times
we actually have three set screws
underneath whose an allen key lock it
down and you're set to go inside what
size ball is this this is 75 millimeter
bolt system right here and we borrow a
lot from the photo tripod design so you
actually have your three independent leg
positions each leg can be set
independently of the other two so if
you're doing like stairs or any kind of
rocky terrain
you don't have to look for a flat
surface you can mount this anywhere and
you will get spiked feet and a carrying
case along with it do you buy the head
and the leg separately
is it a bundle you can buy the head
separately if you just need that flat
base head but we do have the aluminum
kit so the aluminum kit is right now
it's on promo this was 395 carbon fiber
kit is 500 the head by itself right now
is $1.99 yeah really great way to get
started if you don't have a tripod or if
you need to upgrade or maybe you just
need something for a second camera this
is a great way to go great Wow we got
some some some smaller things as well
right a couple things we're working on
this is the arrow tripod it's a reverse
folding video tripod so a lot of guys
come to us and I said look I need
something I can bring on the plane I
don't want to check my tripod
documentary work and I need something I
can put in a rolling case actually this
will fit in a roadie we have a larger
size that detach the head you can put it
in any rolling case this way you can
just put it in the overhead let's see
let's see it lets see it do its but yeah
there so these reverse folding legs here
it's real easy to deploy
you have your flip flops you can
actually adjust the height of the center
column and now the way this works is we
actually have a fixed half leveling ball
in the center column so you don't have
to worry about leveling this with the
legs you can level it right here and the
leg with the foam grip you can detach
this attach the center column put them
together and you actually have a full
size monopod
that's nice I hear our shooter right now
is missing one of those I'm sorry about
that
he owes me some money so that's why I
had to do it all right little behind the
scenes stuff there so what is this
traveler tripod run we don't have exact
pricing yet but we're looking at the 200
250 dollar range probably looking 60
days out for that six days is when I'll
be available absolutely yeah hey thanks
Ryan thanks